Folder structure - explanation (#9)
nodeshift-blog-examples/kube-service-bindings-examples: README.md

![Viewing logs of the app](./readme-assets/view_logs.png)

For CRUD action on the fruits on the UI, the log will appear on the server.

## Node.js Applications folder structure

> All the examples listed on this repository except the rhea one, are following the same folder structure as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the examples listed on this repository except the rhea one, follow the same folder structure as shown below.
```
